Add release notes for migration processing (#2058)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.1.2.md

## Bug Fixes

> - We've fixed zero downtime migration progressing when an error happened during the process [#2041](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/2041)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've fixed zero downtime migration progressing in cases where an error occurs during the process. [#2041](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/2041)
```
